DEPLOYMENT-GUIDE.md, before:

# 🚀 Deployment Guide

## ✅ **Production Deployment Complete!**

Your API Management Panel is now live at:
**🔗 https://api-management-panel-mx9z91szb-tindeveloper.vercel.app**

## 🔧 **GitHub Actions CI/CD Setup**

To enable automated testing and deployment, you need to set up repository secrets:

### 1. Go to GitHub Repository Settings
- Navigate to: https://github.com/tindevelopers/api-management-panel
- Click **Settings** tab
- Click **Secrets and variables** → **Actions**

### 2. Add Required Secrets

#### **Supabase Secrets:**
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL = https://kgaovsovhggehkpntbzu.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY = eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6ImtnYW92c292aGdnZWhrcG50Ynp1Iiwicm9sZSI6ImFub24iLCJpYXQiOjE3NTc5NTY4NjAsImV4cCI6MjA3MzUzMjg2MH0.L_vZL15jxUcgxBoHq3bLfh-wt4ftrhwB8sR5bHmkQ9w
```

#### **Vercel Secrets (Optional for GitHub Actions deployment):**
```
VERCEL_TOKEN = (Get from Vercel Dashboard → Settings → Tokens)
VERCEL_ORG_ID = (Get from Vercel Dashboard → Settings → General)
VERCEL_PROJECT_ID = (Get from Vercel CLI: vercel project ls)
```

## 🎯 **Current Status**

### ✅ **Completed:**
- ✅ GitHub repository created and pushed
- ✅ GitHub Actions CI/CD pipeline configured
- ✅ Vercel deployment successful
- ✅ Environment variables configured
- ✅ Production URL: https://api-management-panel-mx9z91szb-tindeveloper.vercel.app

### 🔄 **Next Steps:**

#### **1. Complete Database Setup:**
1. Go to Supabase: https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/kgaovsovhggehkpntbzu
2. Run the SQL from `supabase-schema.sql`
3. Test the authentication system

#### **2. Test Production Deployment:**
1. Visit: https://api-management-panel-mx9z91szb-tindeveloper.vercel.app
2. Create your first account
3. Test login/logout functionality

#### **3. Set Up Custom Domain (Optional):**
1. Go to Vercel Dashboard: https://vercel.com/tindeveloper/api-management-panel
2. Add your custom domain
3. Configure DNS settings

## 🛠️ **CI/CD Pipeline Features**

### **GitHub Actions Workflow:**
- **Testing:** ESLint, TypeScript checks, security audit
- **Multi-Node Testing:** Node.js 18.x and 20.x
- **Build Verification:** Ensures code compiles successfully
- **Security:** Vulnerability scanning with audit-ci
- **Deployment:** Automated deployment to Vercel (when secrets are configured)

### **Vercel Configuration:**
- **Framework:** Next.js with App Router
- **Build Command:** `npm run build`
- **Security Headers:** X-Frame-Options, X-Content-Type-Options, etc.
- **Function Timeouts:** 30 seconds for API routes
- **Regions:** Deployed to `iad1` (US East)

## 📊 **Monitoring & Analytics**

### **Vercel Dashboard:**
- **URL:** https://vercel.com/tindeveloper/api-management-panel
- **Features:** Analytics, logs, performance monitoring
- **Functions:** Serverless function monitoring

### **GitHub Actions:**
- **URL:** https://github.com/tindevelopers/api-management-panel/actions
- **Features:** Build logs, test results, deployment status

## 🔐 **Security Features**

### **Production Security:**
- ✅ Environment variables encrypted in Vercel
- ✅ Security headers configured
- ✅ HTTPS enabled by default
- ✅ Row Level Security in Supabase
- ✅ Protected routes with middleware

### **CI/CD Security:**
- ✅ Dependency vulnerability scanning
- ✅ Security audit in GitHub Actions
- ✅ Secrets management in GitHub
- ✅ Automated security checks

## 🚀 **Development Workflow**

### **Local Development:**
```bash
# Start development server
npm run dev

# Run tests and linting
npm run test:ci

# Build for production
npm run build
```

### **Deployment Workflow:**
1. **Push to main branch** → Triggers GitHub Actions
2. **Tests run automatically** → ESLint, TypeScript, security audit
3. **Deploy to Vercel** → Production deployment (when secrets configured)
4. **Monitor deployment** → Vercel dashboard and logs

## 📈 **Performance & Optimization**

### **Built-in Optimizations:**
- ✅ Next.js 14 with App Router
- ✅ Turbopack for faster builds
- ✅ Tailwind CSS for optimized styles
- ✅ TypeScript for type safety
- ✅ Vercel Edge Functions for global performance

### **Monitoring:**
- ✅ Vercel Analytics (available in dashboard)
- ✅ Real-time performance metrics
- ✅ Error tracking and logging
- ✅ Build and deployment analytics

---

**🎉 Your API Management Panel is now production-ready with full CI/CD pipeline!**

**Production URL:** https://api-management-panel-mx9z91szb-tindeveloper.vercel.app
**GitHub Repository:** https://github.com/tindevelopers/api-management-panel

Commit message:

security: remove exposed Supabase credentials from documentation- Remove hardcoded Supabase URL and anon key from all documentation files- Replace with placeholder values and instructions- Update setup scripts to use environment variables- Add security warnings to configuration files- Fixes GitGuardian security alertFiles updated:- apps/web/setup-github-secrets.sh- apps/web/setup-vercel-env.sh- DEPLOYMENT-GUIDE.md- VERCEL-ENV-SETUP-SUMMARY.md- LOGIN-RESTORATION-SUMMARY.md

DEPLOYMENT-GUIDE.md, after:

# 🚀 Deployment Guide

## ✅ **Production Deployment Complete!**

Your API Management Panel is now live!

## 🔧 **GitHub Actions CI/CD Setup**

To enable automated testing and deployment, you need to set up repository secrets:

### 1. Go to GitHub Repository Settings
- Navigate to: https://github.com/YOUR_ORG/YOUR_REPO
- Click **Settings** tab
- Click **Secrets and variables** → **Actions**

### 2. Add Required Secrets

#### **Supabase Secrets:**
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL = https://YOUR_PROJECT_ID.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY = YOUR_ANON_KEY_HERE
```

**Get your Supabase credentials from:**
- Go to: https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/YOUR_PROJECT_ID/settings/api
- Copy the Project URL and anon/public key

#### **Vercel Secrets (Optional for GitHub Actions deployment):**
```
VERCEL_TOKEN = (Get from Vercel Dashboard → Settings → Tokens)
VERCEL_ORG_ID = (Get from Vercel Dashboard → Settings → General)
VERCEL_PROJECT_ID = (Get from Vercel CLI: vercel project ls)
```

## 🎯 **Current Status**

### ✅ **Completed:**
- ✅ GitHub repository created and pushed
- ✅ GitHub Actions CI/CD pipeline configured
- ✅ Vercel deployment successful
- ✅ Environment variables configured
- ✅ Production URL configured

### 🔄 **Next Steps:**

#### **1. Complete Database Setup:**
1. Go to your Supabase dashboard
2. Run the SQL from `supabase-schema.sql`
3. Test the authentication system

#### **2. Test Production Deployment:**
1. Visit your production URL
2. Create your first account
3. Test login/logout functionality

#### **3. Set Up Custom Domain (Optional):**
1. Go to Vercel Dashboard: https://vercel.com/tindeveloper/api-management-panel
2. Add your custom domain
3. Configure DNS settings

## 🛠️ **CI/CD Pipeline Features**

### **GitHub Actions Workflow:**
- **Testing:** ESLint, TypeScript checks, security audit
- **Multi-Node Testing:** Node.js 18.x and 20.x
- **Build Verification:** Ensures code compiles successfully
- **Security:** Vulnerability scanning with audit-ci
- **Deployment:** Automated deployment to Vercel (when secrets are configured)

### **Vercel Configuration:**
- **Framework:** Next.js with App Router
- **Build Command:** `npm run build`
- **Security Headers:** X-Frame-Options, X-Content-Type-Options, etc.
- **Function Timeouts:** 30 seconds for API routes
- **Regions:** Deployed to `iad1` (US East)

## 📊 **Monitoring & Analytics**

### **Vercel Dashboard:**
- **URL:** https://vercel.com/tindeveloper/api-management-panel
- **Features:** Analytics, logs, performance monitoring
- **Functions:** Serverless function monitoring

### **GitHub Actions:**
- **URL:** https://github.com/tindevelopers/api-management-panel/actions
- **Features:** Build logs, test results, deployment status

## 🔐 **Security Features**

### **Production Security:**
- ✅ Environment variables encrypted in Vercel
- ✅ Security headers configured
- ✅ HTTPS enabled by default
- ✅ Row Level Security in Supabase
- ✅ Protected routes with middleware

### **CI/CD Security:**
- ✅ Dependency vulnerability scanning
- ✅ Security audit in GitHub Actions
- ✅ Secrets management in GitHub
- ✅ Automated security checks

## 🚀 **Development Workflow**

### **Local Development:**
```bash
# Start development server
npm run dev

# Run tests and linting
npm run test:ci

# Build for production
npm run build
```

### **Deployment Workflow:**
1. **Push to main branch** → Triggers GitHub Actions
2. **Tests run automatically** → ESLint, TypeScript, security audit
3. **Deploy to Vercel** → Production deployment (when secrets configured)
4. **Monitor deployment** → Vercel dashboard and logs

## 📈 **Performance & Optimization**

### **Built-in Optimizations:**
- ✅ Next.js 14 with App Router
- ✅ Turbopack for faster builds
- ✅ Tailwind CSS for optimized styles
- ✅ TypeScript for type safety
- ✅ Vercel Edge Functions for global performance

### **Monitoring:**
- ✅ Vercel Analytics (available in dashboard)
- ✅ Real-time performance metrics
- ✅ Error tracking and logging
- ✅ Build and deployment analytics

---

**🎉 Your API Management Panel is now production-ready with full CI/CD pipeline!**

**Production URL:** https://api-management-panel-mx9z91szb-tindeveloper.vercel.app
**GitHub Repository:** https://github.com/tindevelopers/api-management-panel
